Building the Dialog Editor

This program is quite obviously intended for programmers, so if you do
not yet have a C/C++ compiler environment set up, that should be the
first thing you do.  After all, Windows software development is
primarily targeted at a C/C++ compiler environment.

You can build this program with Microsoft Visual C++, MinGW, or
Cygwin, but building with Cygwin is not recommended.  To generate the
proper makefile for your compiler of choice, first open up a command
prompt with your environment variables properly set, then run
configure.bat to either specify or autodetect your compiler
environment.  Make sure that the shell you are using is the cmd.exe or
command.com that comes with Windows natively.  After that, you can
call "nmake" if you are using Microsoft Visual C++ or "make", "gmake",
or "mingw32-make" if you are using MinGW or Cygwin.

Since you will probably want to modify the source code to add
enhancements, you probably want to build a debug binary (the default).

Note that there are some compiler flags in MSVC8 that this project
uses, and that you may get warnings about unrecognized options if you
use an earlier version.

Compiler options not in MSVC6: -Wp64 -GL -RTC1
Linker options not in MSVC6: -MANIFEST -MANIFESTFILE: -LTCG

If you are using an older version of the Platform SDK on MSVC6, then
you might need to modify "about.dlg" by replacing DIALOGEX with DIALOG
and removing DS_SHELLFONT.

Running the proper make command will produce the binary.  This binary
does not write registry entries, so you do not have to worry about the
program cluttering your system.  Of course, the conscientious user
will know that even though the program doesn't write registry entries
explicitly, the common dialog component of the Windows operating
system still does write registry entries for the most recently used
directory.
